# Mapping guide: Telemonitoring document to hub document

This mapping guide will touch on the specifics that need attention when you want to publish a Telemonitoring Document to the hub.
The telemonitoring profiles are available at the [Belgian Telemonitoring Project IG](https://build.fhir.org/ig/hl7-be/patient-monitoring/).

## Basic guidelines

The following rules apply: 

* The party that published the document **must** is responsible for delivering a complete document.
* The document that is published **should** be targeted at a caregiver or a patient, not at a software component that needs to synthesize a derived document from a set of telemonitoring measurements. 
* The document **must** be assigned to a telemonitoring session.
  If no telemonitoring session can be applied, a session-identifier **must** be generated by the publisher. 

## Creation of the hub document

The guideline contains a section where the publisher is responsible for a complete document.
This guideline exists because there can be a difference in the contents of the raw telemonitoring message, and an interpretation of this data for for example an overview of a day. 
Furthermore: telemonitoring sessions can span multiple days, and sessions can send multiple messages.
To group these documents together, we propose that the session identifier that is sent to the party that consumes the data from a telemonitoring device, also publishes this in the shareable document. 

A hub document can be one of the following:
* a small reference to an external link with a specialized overview of the data. For example: the dashboard with the data of the publisher. 
* a reference to a PDF file or a report that is generated by the publisher of the telemonitoring data. 
* a structured report with sections, natural language and optionally references to the source data.

### Publishing a reference to an external overview

### Publishing a reference to a Binary report (PDF)

### Publishing a structured report

